###Estimation
* I think that adding the new feature will be quick. My initial guess is only an hour or so. But a semester of coding has taught me that things always take longer than you expect, so I'm submitted my official estimate as two hours.
* I think I will need to update two files and add one. I need to update the menu so that the user can create a pop-up. I need to create a class that actually fills the pop-up and contains functionality. I also thing I might need to make changes to how the turtle image is selected/changed.

###Review
* I think in total I ended up spending about two and a half hours adding this new feature. However, that time is including absolutely everything such as getting situated with git and the master branch as well as doing the write up.
* I primarily updated three files - MenuBarFactory.java, TurtleInfoElement.java, and MainController.java. I had to edit MenuBarFactory.java because the way in which the view for the new element was different. I had to update TurtleInfoElement.java because now that element contains a TabPane instead of just a ListView. Lastly I had to update MainController.java because the element need new information from the back-end in order to be properly filled.
* No I definitely did not get this addition right on the first try. This is a weird question to answer though, as people are always checking how small changes to code run. I had to do a lot of reading of code and guessing and checking. I also couldn't make up my mind in the beginning where I wanted the new feature to be added.
###Analysis
* The design was worse than I remembered. I remember thinking that we did a great job with the model-view-controller design pattern, but I really struggled to find certain bits of information in our code. I didn't remember how it all worked!
* I would change the way in which our turtles were set up. They need to carry more information about themselves. For example, the turtles in our project didn't carry their own image, but if they had it would've made this addition extremely simply. However, I remember thinking that much of the turtles existed in the front-end and for that reason we didn't want them knowing much about themselves. With this addition and gap in time in mind, I think it would be much wiser to consider our design. I also think that some of our classes and methods are just too complicated. They do too much. We could've seriously used some division of labor and simplicity within the code.
* This addition would've been extremely hard for me to include if I was not familiar with the code. I feel like I read a lot now, and if I didn't have experience with the project I probably would've had to read every single class. We tried to follow a tradition mvc design but it ended up becoming quite complicated and roundabout.
